you
I want you guys to get a good look at
her hair it has come a long way
we did why we'll make a year since i big
chopped her can you briefly tell my
channel what your journey has been like
so far becoming relaxer free or natural
baby relax a free has actually liberated
realize and I african-american women the
King has beautiful curls I can sell it
anyway I want to if I would prefer to go
straight i could but i'm not going to i
don't have a need to proceed in it I
just push my hair and I go love the
freedom that it gives me I love the
beauty that it gives me makes me throw
like that you helped me to see Wyatt
okay okay now would you ever go back to
relaxer never you're done absolutely
dying absolutely absolutely done with
straight hair period okay my hair is
meant to be closed it's probably for a
week of reason it reaches up and roll
down to the ground like and want to go
to hell my hair grows up because a month
ago matter all right all right now let
me get a closer look at your edges
because everyone was kind of like
fascinated by the breakage that you've
had experience so let's get a closer
look at your edges
guys are at the other side if I thought
manipulator arm as much as I do then
they will probably grow a little more so
guys that is the update on my presence
hair obviously she does not feel
comfortable with displaying herself her
face online and that is the same
situation with my grandmother and my
sister but she is gracious enough to
give us this footage and she's more than
willing to be an inspiration to other
young ladies or you know people that
want to do a big chocolate or not you
know not sure what the outcome would be
not sure how their hair would be how
they would style their hair Natasha how
do you sell this at night how do you
maintain this look well I put a scarf on
the edges just now absolutely my head is
on the pillow roughly so it's a little
flat in the morning but once i get this
hour I don't put water directly morning
and I put the water on my hands that's
correct Leon my age and then up slump it
out like okay do you hit deliver
products you have you here right now
actually I don't have any product in my
hair I just wash my hair with shampoo
and condition our life and repeat no
product in my hair would I thought oil
in my hair or something like that it
weighs my hair down and I feel
he doesn't allow myself breathe
therefore abstract my Sheldon okay so
there you have it guys her one-year
anniversary will be in July so i will
give you guys a full update on her hair
and she was a little apprehensive about
going the big chop but she's so glad
that she did it and her hair looks
beautiful is very thick is very healthy
luxurious and she couldn't be happier
with embracing her more natural curly
look so let this be inspiration to any
of you guys that are a little hesitant
about letting go of those dead ends or
unhealthy hair or just hair that's been
you know chemically damaged think about
it big chop is not for everyone but she
loves it and she's happy she made a
decision and her hair is absolutely
gorgeous so thank you guys for following
along with her journey and she will
continue to give you guys some things
alright want to maybe too much ammo
alright guys bye